Updating documentations: Add instructions to find PRR reviewer (#4162)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/prod-readiness/README.md

the SIG Architecture page [here][prod-readiness].

[prod-readiness]: https://git.k8s.io/community/sig-architecture/production-readiness.md

## How do I find a PRR reviewer for my KEP?

> The KEP template production readiness questionnaire should be filled out by the KEP authors, and this will be reviewed by the SIG leads. Once the leads are satisfied with both the overall KEP (i.e., it is ready to move to `implementable` state) and the PRR answers, the authors may request PRR approval.
> Make sure the `kep.yaml` and README are ready for review and have the correct sections filled out. See the [KEP template](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/NNNN-kep-template). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KEP authors are responsible for completing the [Production readiness questionnaire](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/NNNN-kep-template#production-readiness-review-questionnaire) within the KEP template. Afterward, the questionnaire will be reviewed by the relevant SIG leads. Once the SIG leads are satisfied with the overall status of the KEP, indicating its readiness for implementation (i.e., ready to move to the `implementable` state in the corresponding `kep.yaml` file), and approve the provided PRR responses, authors can proceed to request a PRR Review.

Please make sure that both the `kep.yaml` and `README.md` for the KEP are ready for review, with all the necessary sections properly filled out. Check the [KEP template](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/NNNN-kep-template) for guidance.
```

> 1. Make sure the Enhancement KEP is labeled `lead-opted-in` before PRR Freeze. This is required so that the Enhancements release team and PRR team are aware the KEP is targeting the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Before the PRR Freeze, ensure that the GitHub issue for the Enhancement KEP is labeled as `lead-opted-in`. This is required so that both the Enhancements release team and the PRR team are aware that the KEP is targeting the upcoming release milestone.
```

> 2. Assign a PRR approver from the prod-readiness-approvers list in the [OWNERS_ALIASES](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/OWNERS_ALIASES#L199) file. This may be done earlier as well, to get early feedback or just to let the approver know. Reach out on the #prod-readiness Slack channel or just pick someone from the list. The team may rebalance the assignees if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Assign a PRR approver from the `prod-readiness-approvers` list in the [OWNERS_ALIASES](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/OWNERS_ALIASES#L199) file. This assignment can be made in advance to secure early feedback or simply to notify the approver. Reach out on the #prod-readiness Slack channel or just pick someone from the list. The team may rebalance the assignees if necessary.
```

> 3. Create a `prod-readiness/<sig>/<KEP number>.yaml` file, with the PRR approver's GitHub handle for the specific stage file under the correct SIG under [enhancements/kep/prod-readiness](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/prod-readiness). (See this [example PRR approval request PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/pull/2179/files).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a file named `prod-readiness/<sig>/<KEP number>.yaml`. In this file, include the GitHub handle of the PRR approver under the section that designates the KEP's graduation stage (e.g., `alpha:`, `beta:`, `stable:`). Place this file within the relevant SIG folder in [enhancements/kep/prod-readiness](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/prod-readiness) directory. (See this [example PRR approval request PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/pull/2179/files) for reference.)
```
